So actually, if you go and show the main fact table, it looks like this.
I have a movie key, I have a date key,
I have a customer key, and I have a sales amount.
So the idea is that all of these are keys here.
Of course, the date key is a little bit more beautiful
because of the fancy transformation that we did,
but it could have been also any key like that one.
Now, what remains actually is if we join here,
that's a simple join because we know that
movie key would get us here and then we would pick the title,
or the language, or the length,
or the rating if we so wish.
So that is not a very complicated and fancy join understand for the business user.
Let's do that join.
So we select, we're going to use the movie,
the date, and the customer.
On the corresponding keys,
the joining key is here.
Instead of a key here,
we get the title.
Instead of key here, we get Salinas, the city.
Instead of the date key, we actually get month one, which is January.
Remember, always the time limiting my data here.
We go again and start grouping.
So we can compute the cubes that we did before was that very not nice join.
What I was doing here is trying to measure this cube which took 114 milliseconds from me.
That output actually, I should run it here again perhaps or did I do wrong.
Sorry, I was inserting again.
That was not good.
I should have run this side.
So that ran in 136 milliseconds.
That one, let us run it.
Run in 148.
Indifference instances is going to be different,
but the point is here,
that this one runs much faster than this one.